---
title: "English Resume"
date: "2023-10-04T15:02:05+08:00"
draft: false
comment: false
---

Jian Xue（Polo Xue, +8615312210823, poloxue123@gmail.com)

Blog: https://www.poloxue.com, GitHub: https://github.com/poloxue

## Self Description

Currently in China, remote full-time development opportunities are preferred, and the English environment will be better.

Senior backend, 10 years of experience in server development, Golang/Python/PHP/Javascript/C++/AWS/Kubernetes/GitLab, etc;

3 years of experience in leading projects and teams, familiar with Agile and Devops, has led or participated in projects from scratch many times, 

3. Domains mainly focus on financial aspects, such as exchanges, crypto currencies, fund sales, financial education, quantitative trading, Web3, etc;
4. Love coding, having enthusiasm in open source, sharing, and occasionally output technical articles;
5. In terms of language, proficient in Mandarin Chinese and are not proficient in English but can communicate, but I have been constantly studying for about one year;

## Work Experiences

### Bybit, 2019.12 - 2022.12, 3 Years

Having led the team to develop company-level projects [WSOT](https://www.bybit.com/wsot2022) (Global Trading Competition) three times, productizing the competition capabilities and completing configuration transformation and performance improvement. 

Lead or participate in almost all bybit's growth-oriented projects, such as competition, referrer, affiliate, task center, rebate system, and lots of operational activities, etc.

Promote the upgrade of technical framework and specifications, upgrade the system architecture from monolithic to microservice architecture, and upgrade the deployment method from ec2 to k8s. Promote projects involved multi-departments, participate in trading system upgrades, rapid currency listing, test environment and release process management, etc.

Establish a departmental back-end team and train several key personnel, with the team size ranging from 15 to 50 people. Participated in the formation of bybit financial management team and completed the architecture design and personnel establishment of the first financial management product.

In terms of performance, it has been rated 1 S and 2 A out of 5 times, witnessing Bybit’s 3-year golden period of development, with transaction volume ranging from 2 billion to 40 billion, and personnel ranging from 100 to 2,500.

### Noah’s Fortune, 2016.05 - 2019.10, 3.5. Years

Senior back-end developer, mainly responsible for developing topic and search functions under financial consulting APP, realizing canal-based data synchronization and elasticsearch search algorithm configuration. During this period, in order to improve the depth of Go understanding, I wrote more than 30 original Golang articles. Check out [My Zhihu](https://www.zhihu.com/people/xue-jian-27) or [Personal Blog]( https://www.poloxue.com).

Responsible for the development of the quantitative system. Based on the open source framework and the company's internal system, he built a quantitative system that integrates data, backtesting, analysis and real trading to assist researchers in strategy development and help connect strategy with business development. During this period, I participated in the tushare open source project and assisted jimmy, the author of tushare, to upgrade [tushare Community Edition](http://tushare.org) to [tushare Professional Edition](https://tushare.pro).

Responsible for upgrading the net value update system of the fund APP, upgrading the original solution based on third-party data sources to a solution that combines crawlers and third-party data. The net value update time relies on third-party data sources and is synchronized with the fund company, about 3 hours in advance. In addition, he is responsible for reaching services, including SMS, email, and app push. Through multi-channel aggregation, the SMS reach rate is increased from 95% to over 98%.

### Huo, 2015.08-2016.05, 9 months

Advanced PHP developer, led the development of a set of multi-channel aggregation interfaces for movie ticketing, connected with more than 10 ticketing systems, and improved the research and development efficiency of movie ticketing applications.

### Huilian, 2015.01-2015.08, 8 months

PHP engineer, responsible for developing the travel ticket management system, and independently responsible for the connection between the system and the gate. During this period, I completed the upgrade of my web knowledge system.

### Cynovo, 2013.03 - 2014.09, 1.5 Years

Embedded engineer, the first company I joined after graduation, I was independently responsible for the research and development of multiple electronic scale projects, from drivers, APPs, to web servers, all completed independently. During this period, I started to get exposed to web development.

## Educational experience

2010-2013, Jiangsu Maritime, Electronic Information Engineering.

