---
title: "100 篇字幕挑战 5"
date: "2023-10-07T10:14:06+08:00"
draft: false
comment: true
---

Transcript from [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=la3j1YQNUB4):)

A: I think this might be my finest work.

B: And she made my dinner mittens, so that means a lot.

C: Oh, I can't thank you enough. Shall we apply the empirical method?

A: Yes, the empirical method. Let's apply that.

---

A: So what's with the box?

B: The experiment needs to be in complete darkness to work.

C: We watch these monitors for the results. Okay. All that's left is to turn on the cameras. Sheldon, will you get the lights?

B: Yes, sir.

A: Is that to make it more dramatic?

B: It's so that we can better see the flashes on the monitor.

C: But a little drama never hurts. All right, here we go. Commencement of the solar neutrino detector prototype. In three, two, one.

A: I don't see anything.

C: Give it a moment.

A: Is that it?.

B: That's it.

A: We did it.

C: Phase one is a success.

B: Congratulations.

A: Look at the beautiful. Neutrinos.

B: Those aren't neutrinos.

A: What are you talking about? That's what we're looking for.

B: That's just radioactivity.

A: Well, then, when do we find the neutrinos?

C: We don't. This is just a prototype.

A: You kidding me?

B: The actual device needed would be the size of a building.

C: And that's 20 to 30 years away.

A: Well, I could be dead by then.

B: You still may have helped advance science.

C: Unless another team beats us to it.

A: I'm going to wait in the car.

B: If it helps in 30 years, I should still be alive.

---

my dinner mittens 我的晚餐手套

the empirical method 经验法

Commencement of the solar neutrino detector prototype 开始制作太阳中微子探测器原型

radioactivity 反射性
