---
title: "100 篇字幕挑战 5"
date: "2023-10-08T10:14:06+08:00"
draft: false
comment: true
---

Transcript from [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8t_qFivFGaM):)

A: The hell were you doing out there?

B: George, language.

A: What language? So?

C: I was exploring dimensional kinematics.

D: Admit it-- he's adopted.

C: How can I be adopted when I have a twin sister? Think, monkey, think.

B: That's enough. No one's adopted.

E: I wish I was.

That can still be arranged.

Now, let's pray.

C: A moment, please.

A: Leave him be. 

B: He can hold hands with his family. It won't kill him.

We don't know that.
Georgie, did you wash your hands before dinner?
Or even this week?
None of your business.
Hence the mittens.
MARY: Thank you, God, for this food
we're about to receive and for the nourishment of our bodies,
and bless the hands that prepared it.
ALL: Amen.
How come we ain't got no tater tots?
How come we ain't got no tater tots?
I made tater tots last night.
GEORGE: I'd take tater tots
over mashed potaters any day.
-Just eat what I made you. -Can we at least
have tater tots tomorrow?
ADULT SHELDON: It was family dinners like this
that led me to adopt a mid-Atlantic accent.
Nobel Prize winners...
(Southern accent): ought not be orderin' tater tots.
Everybody excited to start school Monday?
I am.
I guess so.
MARY: Georgie?
Freshman year, that's a big deal.
Freshman year, that's a big deal.
How can I be excited when he's gonna be
in the same grade as me?
SHELDON: Don't worry, Georgie, I'm not planning
on being in the ninth grade for very long.
All I know is he's not in the same grade as me anymore,
and I'm thrilled.
Good luck with your finger painting.
Good luck with your finger painting.
You're gonna get your ass kicked in high school.
MARY: Hey, language.
I'm not going to be assaulted.
High school is a haven for higher learning.
Oh, dear God.
Speaking of God, who's going to church
-with me tomorrow? -GEORGE SR.: I can't.
I'm meeting with the other coaches.
You can't meet after church?
No, Mary, I can't meet after church.
Georgie?
I got to study my playbook.
I'll go with you, Mom.
I'll go with you, Mom.
MISSY: Why are you going?
-You don't believe in God. -No,
but I believe in Mom.
I'll take it. Missy?
Can't, Heather asked me to...
-You're goin'. -Son of a bitch.
-Hey. -Ow!
(laughs)
MARY: Missy... (gasps) Don't you
throw something at the dinner table. George Jr.
ADULT SHELDON: Jane Goodall had to go to Africa to study apes.
MISSY: Hey!
I just had to go to dinner.


