---
title: "100 篇字幕挑战 4"
date: "2023-10-05T10:14:06+08:00"
draft: false
comment: true
tags: ['english']
---

Transcript from [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zPc2xjVpCY):)

A: Say cheese.

B: Cheese. (camera shutter clicks) Now tell me what was in that letter.

A: You're pretty cranky for a princess rodeo clown. 

B: Missy!

A: Caltech wants you to go to school there.

B: Really?

A: They want to talk to Mom and Dad about it.

B: I can't believe she would hide that from me.

A: Whatever. Put your nose back on.

(camera shutter clicks)

C: I'm home.

B: Would you care to explain this letter, which I didn't read but legally know the contents of? Well?

C: What were you doing, going through my nightstand?

B: You answer my question first.

C: I am your mother, and I don't need to answer anything.

B: How could you not tell me that Caltech wants me to go to school there?

C: Because you're not going, so it doesn't matter.

B: So I don't get a say in this?

C: Actually, no, which is why that letter is addressed to the parents of Sheldon Cooper.

B: So Dad was okay hiding this from me?

C: (sighs) We are done having this discussion. Go to your room.

B: Ugh!

A: Hey, what time does Fotomat close?

C: I was angry at my mother and needed more information. While she told me to go to my room, she didn't say stay there. Boy howdy, I do love a loophole.


English                | Chinese
---------------------- | --------------------
camera shutter         | 快照，shutter 窗板
cranky                 | 胡思乱想
a princess rodeo clown | princess 公主，rodeo 牛仔竞技表演，clown 小丑
nightstand             | 床头柜
loophole               | 漏洞
ugh                    | 啊
